ts-node: add page (#5911)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/ts-node.md

# ts-node

> > Runs TypeScript code directly, without any compiling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Run TypeScript code directly, without any compiling.
```

> > More information at: https://www.npmjs.com/package/ts-node

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> More information: <https://www.npmjs.com/package/ts-node>.
```

> - Execute a TypeScript file without compiling (`node` + `tsc`).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Execute a TypeScript file without compiling (`node` + `tsc`):
```

Reviewer 2: This is what the bot is complaining about @SpiderMath 

Can you please fix it?

> - Execute a TS File `foobar.ts` without compiling ('node' + 'tsc')
> 
> `ts-node {{foobar.ts}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Execute a TS file without compiling (`node` + `tsc`).

`ts-node {{path/to/file.ts}}`
```

> - TS-Node Loads tsconfig.json by default. To prevent that
> 
> `ts-node --skip-project {{foobar.ts}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Execute a TS file without loading `tsconfig.json`:

`ts-node --skip-project {{path/to/file.ts}}`
```

> - Loads TS-Node Help

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Display TS-Node help:
```
Also, the `--help` example (if any) usually goes to the bottom.

> `ts-node --help`

Reviewer 2: Is this a helpful example? I have seen some comments that a help command, if included, is generally present as a last example.

Author: I have thus put it as the last example

> - Evaluate TypeScript code directly on the terminal:

Reviewer 3: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Evaluate TypeScript code passed as a literal on the command-line:
```

Reviewer 4: @bl-ue Hunspell prefers `command line`.

Reviewer 3: Well, Hunspell doesn't necessarily need to be honored always.  In fact, there are a great many words in all of the English pages that Hunspell doesn't like, but are, in fact, valid.

#5848

> - Eval TS Code directly on the terminal
> 
> `ts-node -e 'console.log("Hello World")'`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Evaluate TS code directly on the terminal:

`ts-node -e '{{console.log("Hello World")}}'`
```

Reviewer 3: I'd also like it to be "Evaluate TypeScript code ..."

Reviewer: Should we generally replace `TS` with `TypeScript`? The descriptions aren't really long so that wouldn't be a problem.

Reviewer 3: Yes, I think so.  I would have waited to send that comment but I didn't notice that we were using `TS` all over before that... 🤣

> - Run code in Script Mode for `foobar.ts`
> 
> `ts-node --script-mode {{foobar.ts}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Execute a TS file in script mode:

`ts-node --script-mode {{path/to/file.ts}}`
```

> - Only transpile the TS File `foobar.ts` to JS
> 
> `ts-node --transpile-only {{foobar.ts}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Transpile a TS file to JS without executing it:

`ts-node --transpile-only {{path/to/file.ts}}`
```

Author: That's a lotta suggestions but Alright lol
